Updated 101-explicit-type-casting.md (#1998)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/103-javascript-type-casting/101-explicit-type-casting.md

> # Explicit type casting
> 
> type casting means transfering data from one data type to another. Explicit type casting is done programmatically by the programmer for code readability or compatibility with other variables.
> Examples of type casting are methods such as `parseInt()`, `parseFloat()`, `toString()`.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Type_Conversion'>Type conversion</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.tutorialspoint.com/explain-typecasting-in-javascript#:~:text=The%20second%20type%20casting%20the,parseFloat()%20and%20toString().'>What is typecasting in JavaScript</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Explicit Type Casting

Type casting means transferring data from one data type to another by explicitly specifying the type to convert the given data to. Explicit type casting is normally done to make data compatible with other variables. Examples of typecasting methods are `parseInt()`, `parseFloat()`, `toString()`.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Type_Conversion'>Type conversion</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.tutorialspoint.com/explain-typecasting-in-javascript'>What is typecasting in JavaScript</BadgeLink>
```
